# Projects  
Project 3:  <br>
This being my final project of my CS 210 course. The assignment was to create a stock tracking program that would read an input file of items that were sold that day and provide various features of data manipulation. The first of which was the ability to search an item and return the quantity that was sold. Next was an option to print out all items sold and their quantities. Next being similar, but instead of a numeric value for quantity it would print out the quantity as "*". For example, Apples 5 would print out as Apples *****. Finally, the program would print each item and quantity to an output file for record keeping.  
With this being my final project of the course, I had a decent amount of experience using C++, but there was still some topics we were to use that I had not used in code yet. The most prominent being maps. I had tried doing the program without them, but was running into far too much technical errors of how to do it, that I caved and learned how to use them. Despite being new, I was able to adequately implement them into the program through referencing our textbook and some guides on google.  
Something I could have done better was actually using the class we had to implement as part of the assignment. While I defined it, I did so too late into the program and was running into issues trying to get it implemented into the code I had already written, so I scrapped it in favor of working code.  
  
Project1Farquhar.py:  
This was my first final project through my course work in IT140. The assignment was to create a text based game of our choice having the player traverse through a map picking up items, and ultimately defeating a boss at the end. Looking back at it, there is a decent amount of improvemtns that could be made, though these are mostly due to inexperience. In general the code could be more neatly done and much more effecient, but it works well and gets the job done.  
